src/pages/products/sgoes-gas-detector.md, before:

---
templateKey: product
title: '**SGOES** Gas Detector'
subtitle: SIL2 Rated
slug: sgoes-gas-detector
category: combustible-gas-detectors
images:
  - /media/sgoes.png
  - /media/img3454715px.jpg
  - /media/img3437715px.jpg
  - /media/img3438715px.jpg
  - /media/img3436715px.jpg
  - /media/img3434715px.jpg
summary: >-
  **ESP Safety’s Model SGOES** Gas Detector measures the concentration of
  hydrocarbon gases present in the monitored environment. The SGOES is
  configured to report alarms when the gas concentrations in the environment
  reach the two independently programmable levels, expressed as a percentage of
  the lower explosive limit (LEL) in air.
model: SGOES M11
function: Gas detector
rating: >-
  FM & CSA Class I, Division 1 Groups B, C & D T4 Ta = -40°F to +167°F (-40°C to
  +75°C), IP66,ATEX&IECEX  II 2 (1) G Ex db [ia IIC Ga] IIB+H2 T4 Gb Ta = -40°C
  to +85°C IP66, SIL2
overview: >-
  ESP Safety’s Model SGOES Gas Detector measures the concentration of
  hydrocarbon gases present in the monitored environment. The SGOES is
  configured to report alarms when the gas concentrations in the environment
  reach the two independently programmable levels, expressed as a percentage of
  the lower explosive limit (LEL) in air. As determined by application
  requirements, the SGOES is factory calibrated with one of eight
  hydrocarbon-based gases (typically methane or propane). Conversion factors are
  used to correct for gases other than the factory calibration gas.


  The SGOES sensor detects and quantifies the presence of hydrocarbons by
  measuring their absorption of infrared light (IR). Because the device does not
  depend on the presence of oxygen in a mixture of gases, it can function
  effectively in environments where other sensor technologies cannot. Moreover,
  it is not sensitive to gases such as nitrogen, oxygen, carbonic acid, ammonia,
  and hydrogen sulfide, that may adversely affect other types of sensors. This
  makes the SGOES an excellent choice for environments where non-hydrocarbon
  gases are present and where monitoring of hydrocarbons like methane and
  propane is required.


  SGOES is FM-certified for use in potentially explosive gas/vapor environments
  in compliance with FM3615, CSA-C22.2 No 30 and EN 60079-1 standards for
  explosion proof protection. In addition, it meets ATEX and IECEX standard EN
  60079-29-1 and FM standard 6320 for performance of combustible gas detectors.


  The SGOES gas detector is typically used as an initiating device in fire and
  gas (F&G) detection and suppression systems as well as emergency shutdown
  (ESD) systems.


  The rugged SGOES design allows it to be used in harsh environments. It will
  operate from -76o F to +185o F (-60oC to +85oC) at relative humidity up to 95%
applications:
  - application: Drilling and production platforms
  - application: 'Shipping tankers, freighters, and other vessels'
  - application: Fuel loading facilities
  - application: 'Refineries, bulk terminals, and tank farms'
  - application: LNG/LPG processing and storage facilities
  - application: Compressor stations and pipeline facilities
  - application: 'Petrochemical, paint, and fertilizer plants'
  - application: Power plants and gas turbine facilities
  - application: Transportation facilities (airports and subways)
  - application: Oil and gas fired boilers / furnaces
  - application: Environmental regulation monitoring
features:
  - feature: >-
      High sensitivity to all hydrocarbon gases/vapors for maximum property
      protection and personal safety
  - feature: >-
      Open path optical sensor - no physical contact between sensor and
      environment
  - feature: >-
      IR optical path obstruction monitoring (dust, paint, etc.) provides
      maintenance alerts
  - feature: >-
      Heated optics, secondary heater function helps to prevent condensation
      problems
  - feature: Low power (<4.5W) operation for cost savings
  - feature: ' Versatile indoor/outdoor installation'
  - feature: >-
      Industry standard analog, digital, and relay outputs are used for remote
      alarm and fault indications
  - feature: Resistance to vibration ensures reliability and durability
  - feature: Operates effectively in fog and high humidity
  - feature: Wide operating temperature range provides flexibility and reliability
  - feature: >-
      Tri-color status LED on the device is easily viewable for a visual report
      of the device’s operating status
downloadCategories:
  - downloads:
      - description: 'Complete overview, details, and specifications'
        file: /media/SGOES Specification Sheet R07.pdf
        title: SGOES Data Sheet
      - description: Learn to install SGOES
        file: /media/SGOES Installation Manual.pdf
        title: SGOES Installation Manual
      - description: Find all SGOES SKU's
        file: /media/SGOES SKU Sheet.pdf
        title: SGOES SKU Sheet
    title: Product Resources
  - downloads:
      - description: A document about the SGOES Cover
        file: /media/SGOES Protective Cover Information Sheet.pdf
        title: SGOES Protective Cover
    title: Accessory Resources
sections:
  - content: >-
      The explosion-proof design of SGOES makes it ideal for use in hazardous
      environments such as: • Refineries • Tank farms • Pipelines • Loading
      racks. • Oil and gas facilities • Pumping stations


      SGOES is FM-certified for use in potentially explosive gas/vapor
      environments in compliance with FM3615 and CSA-C22.2 No 30 standards for
      explosion proof protection. In addition, it meets CSA standard E60079-1
      for flameproof protection, and ANSI/ISA standard 12.13.01-2000 for
      performance of combustible gas detectors.
    image: /media/pexels-photo-87236.jpg
    title: 'Tried, tested, and certified, so you can use it pretty much anywhere'
  - content: >-
      The SGOES gas detector is typically used as an indicating device in fire
      and gas (F&G) detection and suppression systems as well as emergency
      shutdown (ESD) systems.


      The rugged SGOES design allows it to be used in harsh environments. It
      will operate from -76º F to +185º F (-60ºC to +85ºC) at relative humidity
      up to 95%.
    image: /media/296063_thumb.jpg
    title: 'It can take the heat, even in the harshest of conditions'
specificationCategories:
  - specifications:
      - label: Voltage
        text: 18 to 32 VDC
      - label: Recommended Wiring
        text: 16 AWG (1.5mm) for 4000ft (1200m) max
      - label: Outputs
        text: |-
          4-20mA, analog (0 to 100% LEL)
          two alarm relays (isolated, dry contact type)
          with programmable thresholds
          fault relay indicating optical path obstruction
          RS-485 Modbus RTU, HART, Ethernet
      - label: Power
        text: |-
          2 W, standby
          4.5 W, during alarm
          7.9 W, heater on maximum
    title: Electrical Characteristics
  - specifications:
      - label: Material
        text: 316 Stainless Steel
      - label: Weight
        text: 14.3lbs (6.5 kg)
      - label: Diameter
        text: 5.5” (14 cm)
      - label: Conduit Entry
        text: ¾” NPT
      - label: Length
        text: 11.5” (29 cm)
    title: Mechanical Characteristics
  - specifications:
      - text: Coming soon
      - text: Coming soon
    title: Dimensions
  - specifications:
      - fullWidth: true
        text: >-
          Factory calibrated at 0%, 20%, 50%, and 95% LEL with methane or
          propane. Calibration with NIST traceable calibration gas is optional.
    title: Calibration
  - specifications:
      - label: Standard gas options
        text: >-
          Methane, Propane, Butane, Pentane, Hexane, Isobutane, Cyclopentane,
          Ethanol,
      - label: Custom gas configuration options
        text: >-
          Volatile Organic Compounds (VOC)

          Optional calibration with gas mixtures directly traceable to NIST
          standard reference materials.
    title: Configuration Options
  - specifications:
      - text: |-
          Class I, Division 1
          Groups B, C & D
          T4 Ta = -40°F to +167°F
          (-40°C to +75°C)
          IP66
      - text: |-
          Ex d IIC T4
          -40°F to +185°F
          (-40°C to +85°C)
          CE Mark for EMC (TUV)
          CE Mark for IECEx
          IP66
      - text: |-
          Class I, Division 1
          Groups B, C & D
          T4 Ta = -40°F to +167°F
          (-40°C to +75°C)
          IP66
      - text: |-
          Class I, Division 1
          Groups B, C & D
          T4 Ta = -40°F to +167°F
          (-40°C to +75°C)
          IP66
      - text: |-
          Ex d IIC T4
          -40°F to +185°F
          (-40°C to +85°C)
          IP66
    title: Certifications
---

Commit message:

Changed product design, added product highlight

src/pages/products/sgoes-gas-detector.md, after:

---
templateKey: product
title: '**SGOES** Gas Detector'
subtitle: Protect against combustable gasses in any environment
highlight: SIL2 Rated
slug: sgoes-gas-detector
category: combustible-gas-detectors
images:
  - /media/sgoes.png
  - /media/img3454715px.jpg
  - /media/img3437715px.jpg
  - /media/img3438715px.jpg
  - /media/img3436715px.jpg
  - /media/img3434715px.jpg
summary: >-
  **ESP Safety’s Model SGOES Gas Detector** measures the concentration of
  hydrocarbon gases present in the monitored environment. The SGOES is
  configured to report alarms when the gas concentrations in the environment
  reach the two independently programmable levels, expressed as a percentage of
  the lower explosive limit (LEL) in air.
model: SGOES M11
function: Gas detector
rating: >-
  FM & CSA Class I, Division 1 Groups B, C & D T4 Ta = -40°F to +167°F (-40°C to
  +75°C), IP66,ATEX&IECEX  II 2 (1) G Ex db [ia IIC Ga] IIB+H2 T4 Gb Ta = -40°C
  to +85°C IP66, SIL2
overview: >-
  ESP Safety’s Model SGOES Gas Detector measures the concentration of
  hydrocarbon gases present in the monitored environment. The SGOES is
  configured to report alarms when the gas concentrations in the environment
  reach the two independently programmable levels, expressed as a percentage of
  the lower explosive limit (LEL) in air. As determined by application
  requirements, the SGOES is factory calibrated with one of eight
  hydrocarbon-based gases (typically methane or propane). Conversion factors are
  used to correct for gases other than the factory calibration gas.


  The SGOES sensor detects and quantifies the presence of hydrocarbons by
  measuring their absorption of infrared light (IR). Because the device does not
  depend on the presence of oxygen in a mixture of gases, it can function
  effectively in environments where other sensor technologies cannot. Moreover,
  it is not sensitive to gases such as nitrogen, oxygen, carbonic acid, ammonia,
  and hydrogen sulfide, that may adversely affect other types of sensors. This
  makes the SGOES an excellent choice for environments where non-hydrocarbon
  gases are present and where monitoring of hydrocarbons like methane and
  propane is required.


  SGOES is FM-certified for use in potentially explosive gas/vapor environments
  in compliance with FM3615, CSA-C22.2 No 30 and EN 60079-1 standards for
  explosion proof protection. In addition, it meets ATEX and IECEX standard EN
  60079-29-1 and FM standard 6320 for performance of combustible gas detectors.


  The SGOES gas detector is typically used as an initiating device in fire and
  gas (F&G) detection and suppression systems as well as emergency shutdown
  (ESD) systems.


  The rugged SGOES design allows it to be used in harsh environments. It will
  operate from -76o F to +185o F (-60oC to +85oC) at relative humidity up to 95%
applications:
  - application: Drilling and production platforms
  - application: 'Shipping tankers, freighters, and other vessels'
  - application: Fuel loading facilities
  - application: 'Refineries, bulk terminals, and tank farms'
  - application: LNG/LPG processing and storage facilities
  - application: Compressor stations and pipeline facilities
  - application: 'Petrochemical, paint, and fertilizer plants'
  - application: Power plants and gas turbine facilities
  - application: Transportation facilities (airports and subways)
  - application: Oil and gas fired boilers / furnaces
  - application: Environmental regulation monitoring
features:
  - feature: >-
      High sensitivity to all hydrocarbon gases/vapors for maximum property
      protection and personal safety
  - feature: >-
      Open path optical sensor - no physical contact between sensor and
      environment
  - feature: >-
      IR optical path obstruction monitoring (dust, paint, etc.) provides
      maintenance alerts
  - feature: >-
      Heated optics, secondary heater function helps to prevent condensation
      problems
  - feature: Low power (<4.5W) operation for cost savings
  - feature: ' Versatile indoor/outdoor installation'
  - feature: >-
      Industry standard analog, digital, and relay outputs are used for remote
      alarm and fault indications
  - feature: Resistance to vibration ensures reliability and durability
  - feature: Operates effectively in fog and high humidity
  - feature: Wide operating temperature range provides flexibility and reliability
  - feature: >-
      Tri-color status LED on the device is easily viewable for a visual report
      of the device’s operating status
downloadCategories:
  - downloads:
      - description: 'Complete overview, details, and specifications'
        file: /media/SGOES Specification Sheet R07.pdf
        title: SGOES Data Sheet
      - description: Learn to install SGOES
        file: /media/SGOES Installation Manual.pdf
        title: SGOES Installation Manual
      - description: Find all SGOES SKU's
        file: /media/SGOES SKU Sheet.pdf
        title: SGOES SKU Sheet
    title: Product Resources
  - downloads:
      - description: A document about the SGOES Cover
        file: /media/SGOES Protective Cover Information Sheet.pdf
        title: SGOES Protective Cover
    title: Accessory Resources
sections:
  - content: >-
      The explosion-proof design of SGOES makes it ideal for use in hazardous
      environments such as: • Refineries • Tank farms • Pipelines • Loading
      racks. • Oil and gas facilities • Pumping stations


      SGOES is FM-certified for use in potentially explosive gas/vapor
      environments in compliance with FM3615 and CSA-C22.2 No 30 standards for
      explosion proof protection. In addition, it meets CSA standard E60079-1
      for flameproof protection, and ANSI/ISA standard 12.13.01-2000 for
      performance of combustible gas detectors.
    image: /media/pexels-photo-87236.jpg
    title: 'Tried, tested, and certified, so you can use it pretty much anywhere'
  - content: >-
      The SGOES gas detector is typically used as an indicating device in fire
      and gas (F&G) detection and suppression systems as well as emergency
      shutdown (ESD) systems.


      The rugged SGOES design allows it to be used in harsh environments. It
      will operate from -76º F to +185º F (-60ºC to +85ºC) at relative humidity
      up to 95%.
    image: /media/296063_thumb.jpg
    title: 'It can take the heat, even in the harshest of conditions'
specificationCategories:
  - specifications:
      - label: Voltage
        text: 18 to 32 VDC
      - label: Recommended Wiring
        text: 16 AWG (1.5mm) for 4000ft (1200m) max
      - label: Outputs
        text: |-
          4-20mA, analog (0 to 100% LEL)
          two alarm relays (isolated, dry contact type)
          with programmable thresholds
          fault relay indicating optical path obstruction
          RS-485 Modbus RTU, HART, Ethernet
      - label: Power
        text: |-
          2 W, standby
          4.5 W, during alarm
          7.9 W, heater on maximum
    title: Electrical Characteristics
  - specifications:
      - label: Material
        text: 316 Stainless Steel
      - label: Weight
        text: 14.3lbs (6.5 kg)
      - label: Diameter
        text: 5.5” (14 cm)
      - label: Conduit Entry
        text: ¾” NPT
      - label: Length
        text: 11.5” (29 cm)
    title: Mechanical Characteristics
  - specifications:
      - text: Coming soon
      - text: Coming soon
    title: Dimensions
  - specifications:
      - fullWidth: true
        text: >-
          Factory calibrated at 0%, 20%, 50%, and 95% LEL with methane or
          propane. Calibration with NIST traceable calibration gas is optional.
    title: Calibration
  - specifications:
      - label: Standard gas options
        text: >-
          Methane, Propane, Butane, Pentane, Hexane, Isobutane, Cyclopentane,
          Ethanol,
      - label: Custom gas configuration options
        text: >-
          Volatile Organic Compounds (VOC)

          Optional calibration with gas mixtures directly traceable to NIST
          standard reference materials.
    title: Configuration Options
  - specifications:
      - text: |-
          Class I, Division 1
          Groups B, C & D
          T4 Ta = -40°F to +167°F
          (-40°C to +75°C)
          IP66
      - text: |-
          Ex d IIC T4
          -40°F to +185°F
          (-40°C to +85°C)
          CE Mark for EMC (TUV)
          CE Mark for IECEx
          IP66
      - text: |-
          Class I, Division 1
          Groups B, C & D
          T4 Ta = -40°F to +167°F
          (-40°C to +75°C)
          IP66
      - text: |-
          Class I, Division 1
          Groups B, C & D
          T4 Ta = -40°F to +167°F
          (-40°C to +75°C)
          IP66
      - text: |-
          Ex d IIC T4
          -40°F to +185°F
          (-40°C to +85°C)
          IP66
    title: Certifications
---
