src/pages/products/vector.md, before:

---
templateKey: product
title: Vector
subtitle: Field Control Unit & Display
slug: vector
category: combustible-gas-detectors
images:
  - /media/vector-0813b-w-pgu.png
summary: >-
  ESP Safety’s Vector is a state-of the-art field control unit that performs as
  an integrated control terminal and display for ESP Safety’s toxic and/or
  combustible gas detectors. The Vector can operate as a stand-alone display for
  a variety of ESP Safety’s detectors which can be remotely located up to 500
  feet away. A sensor head can also be attached directly to the display housing
  to produce a unified detector/display unit.
model: 80037-001 R04
function: Field Control Unit & Display
rating: SIL (pending)
applications:
  - application: Offshore platforms
  - application: Land rigs
  - application: 'Shipping tankers, freighters, and other vessels'
  - application: LNG/LPG processing & storage facilities
  - application: Oil & gas refineries
  - application: Petrochemical plants
  - application: Gas & electric utilities
features:
  - feature: Configurable to control & monitor up to 2 detectors
  - feature: >-
      A vivid, 2.7” (diagonal) 128x64 pixel resolution, OLED screen
      simultaneously displays a wide range of data including gas concentrations,
      alarm levels, faults and operational modes.
  - feature: >-
      Analog 4-20 current loop w/ HART , Digital RS-485 Modbus RTU and 4 relays
      are standard data communication channels of the VECTOR FCU
  - feature: >-
      Event log is stored in on-board memory and is accessible via RS-485 Modbus
      RTU
  - feature: Operating Temp Range of -58°F to +167°F (-50°C to +75°C)
  - feature: SIL certification by independent 3rd party agency (pending)
  - feature: >-
      316 Stainless Steel construction, explosion-proof housing, Class 1,
      Division 1
  - feature: >-
      Non-Instrusive, on-site detector calibration via a HART Field Communicator
      or Magnectic Wand
  - feature: >-
      Non-intrusive operator interface is easily achieved by contacting a
      magnetic wand with the glass housing cover and accessing the intuitive,
      menu-driven programming
  - feature: 'Tri-color status LED indicates operational mode, fault & gas presence'
  - feature: >-
      Control Terminal: Two - Analog 4-20mA Signal Outputs, Four - Direct Relay
      Outputs are standard
specificationCategories:
  - specifications:
      - label: Voltage
        text: +24VDC Nominal (+18 to 32VDC)
      - label: Power
        text: |-
          4.3 W, standby
          5.3 W, during alarm
          12.0 W with heater on (temp ≤ 30°C)
      - label: Outputs
        text: >-
          1. Analog signal: 2x +4-20mA

          2. Digital RS-485 Modbus RTU

          3. HART communication port

          4. Three User Programmed Alarm Relays, One Fault Condition Programmed
          Relay
    title: Electrical Characteristics
  - specifications:
      - label: Humidity
        text: '0 to 100% relative humidity, non condensing'
      - label: Operating Temperature
        text: |-
          -58°F to +167°F (-50°C to +75°C)
          -76°F to +167°F (-50°C to +75°C), with heater enabled
      - label: Storage temperature
        text: '-76°F to +185°F (-60°C to +85°C)'
      - label: Ingress Protection
        text: IP67
      - label: SIL Rating
        text: TBA
    title: Technical Specifications
  - specifications:
      - label: Material
        text: 316 Stainless Steel
      - label: Conduit Connection
        text: '5 Conduit Entries, 3/4” NPT'
      - disclaimer: ''
        label: Dimensions
        text: |-
          7.50” x 5.60” x 4.28”
          (190.5mm x 142.24mm x 108.71mm)
      - label: Weight
        text: 12.8 lbs (5.8 kg)
      - label: Warranty
        text: 5 years
    title: Mechanical Characteristics
  - specifications:
      - text: |-
          Class I, Division 1
          Groups B, C & D
          T4 Ta = -58°F to +167°F
          (-50°C to +75°C)
          IP66
      - text: |-
          Ex d IIC T4
          -58°F to +167°F
          (-50°C to +75°C)
          IP66
      - text: |-
          Class I, Division 1
          Groups B, C & D
          T4 Ta = -58°F to +167°F
          (-50°C to +75°C)
          IP66
      - text: |-
          Ex d IIC T4
          -58°F to +167°F
          (-50°C to +75°C)
          IP66
    title: Certifications
---

Commit message:

Changed product design, added product highlight

src/pages/products/vector.md, after:

---
templateKey: product
title: '**Vector** Field Control Unit & Display'
subtitle: Performs as an integrated control terminal and display
highlight: SIL Rated (pending)
slug: vector
category: combustible-gas-detectors
images:
  - /media/vector-0813b-w-pgu.png
summary: >-
  ESP Safety’s Vector is a state-of the-art field control unit that performs as
  an integrated control terminal and display for ESP Safety’s toxic and/or
  combustible gas detectors. The Vector can operate as a stand-alone display for
  a variety of ESP Safety’s detectors which can be remotely located up to 500
  feet away. A sensor head can also be attached directly to the display housing
  to produce a unified detector/display unit.
model: 80037-001 R04
function: Field Control Unit & Display
rating: SIL (pending)
applications:
  - application: Offshore platforms
  - application: Land rigs
  - application: 'Shipping tankers, freighters, and other vessels'
  - application: LNG/LPG processing & storage facilities
  - application: Oil & gas refineries
  - application: Petrochemical plants
  - application: Gas & electric utilities
features:
  - feature: Configurable to control & monitor up to 2 detectors
  - feature: >-
      A vivid, 2.7” (diagonal) 128x64 pixel resolution, OLED screen
      simultaneously displays a wide range of data including gas concentrations,
      alarm levels, faults and operational modes.
  - feature: >-
      Analog 4-20 current loop w/ HART , Digital RS-485 Modbus RTU and 4 relays
      are standard data communication channels of the VECTOR FCU
  - feature: >-
      Event log is stored in on-board memory and is accessible via RS-485 Modbus
      RTU
  - feature: Operating Temp Range of -58°F to +167°F (-50°C to +75°C)
  - feature: SIL certification by independent 3rd party agency (pending)
  - feature: >-
      316 Stainless Steel construction, explosion-proof housing, Class 1,
      Division 1
  - feature: >-
      Non-Instrusive, on-site detector calibration via a HART Field Communicator
      or Magnectic Wand
  - feature: >-
      Non-intrusive operator interface is easily achieved by contacting a
      magnetic wand with the glass housing cover and accessing the intuitive,
      menu-driven programming
  - feature: 'Tri-color status LED indicates operational mode, fault & gas presence'
  - feature: >-
      Control Terminal: Two - Analog 4-20mA Signal Outputs, Four - Direct Relay
      Outputs are standard
specificationCategories:
  - specifications:
      - label: Voltage
        text: +24VDC Nominal (+18 to 32VDC)
      - label: Power
        text: |-
          4.3 W, standby
          5.3 W, during alarm
          12.0 W with heater on (temp ≤ 30°C)
      - label: Outputs
        text: >-
          1. Analog signal: 2x +4-20mA

          2. Digital RS-485 Modbus RTU

          3. HART communication port

          4. Three User Programmed Alarm Relays, One Fault Condition Programmed
          Relay
    title: Electrical Characteristics
  - specifications:
      - label: Humidity
        text: '0 to 100% relative humidity, non condensing'
      - label: Operating Temperature
        text: |-
          -58°F to +167°F (-50°C to +75°C)
          -76°F to +167°F (-50°C to +75°C), with heater enabled
      - label: Storage temperature
        text: '-76°F to +185°F (-60°C to +85°C)'
      - label: Ingress Protection
        text: IP67
      - label: SIL Rating
        text: TBA
    title: Technical Specifications
  - specifications:
      - label: Material
        text: 316 Stainless Steel
      - label: Conduit Connection
        text: '5 Conduit Entries, 3/4” NPT'
      - disclaimer: ''
        label: Dimensions
        text: |-
          7.50” x 5.60” x 4.28”
          (190.5mm x 142.24mm x 108.71mm)
      - label: Weight
        text: 12.8 lbs (5.8 kg)
      - label: Warranty
        text: 5 years
    title: Mechanical Characteristics
  - specifications:
      - text: |-
          Class I, Division 1
          Groups B, C & D
          T4 Ta = -58°F to +167°F
          (-50°C to +75°C)
          IP66
      - text: |-
          Ex d IIC T4
          -58°F to +167°F
          (-50°C to +75°C)
          IP66
      - text: |-
          Class I, Division 1
          Groups B, C & D
          T4 Ta = -58°F to +167°F
          (-50°C to +75°C)
          IP66
      - text: |-
          Ex d IIC T4
          -58°F to +167°F
          (-50°C to +75°C)
          IP66
    title: Certifications
---
